[Music]
[Music] I came to pass when Adonai Zedeck King
I came to pass when Adonai Zedeck King
I came to pass when Adonai Zedeck King of Jerusalem heard how Joshua had taken
of Jerusalem heard how Joshua had taken
of Jerusalem heard how Joshua had taken AI and had utterly destroyed it as he
AI and had utterly destroyed it as he
AI and had utterly destroyed it as he had done to Jericho and it's King so he
had done to Jericho and it's King so he
had done to Jericho and it's King so he had done to AI and its King and how the
had done to AI and its King and how the
had done to AI and its King and how the inhabitants of Gibeon had made peace
inhabitants of Gibeon had made peace
inhabitants of Gibeon had made peace with Israel and were among them that
with Israel and were among them that
with Israel and were among them that they feared greatly because Gibeon was a
they feared greatly because Gibeon was a
they feared greatly because Gibeon was a great city like one of the royal cities
great city like one of the royal cities
great city like one of the royal cities and because it was greater than AI and
and because it was greater than AI and
and because it was greater than AI and all its men were mighty therefore Adonai
all its men were mighty therefore Adonai
all its men were mighty therefore Adonai zedek King of Jerusalem sent to Hull him
zedek King of Jerusalem sent to Hull him
zedek King of Jerusalem sent to Hull him king of Hebron Hiram king of jonatha to
king of Hebron Hiram king of jonatha to
king of Hebron Hiram king of jonatha to fire king of lay fish and diba king of
fire king of lay fish and diba king of
fire king of lay fish and diba king of Eggland's saying come up to me and help
Eggland's saying come up to me and help
Eggland's saying come up to me and help me and we may attack Gibeon brittany has
me and we may attack Gibeon brittany has
me and we may attack Gibeon brittany has made peace with Joshua and with the
made peace with Joshua and with the
made peace with Joshua and with the children of Israel therefore the five
children of Israel therefore the five
children of Israel therefore the five kings of the ammonites the king of
kings of the ammonites the king of
kings of the ammonites the king of Jerusalem the king of Hebron the king of
Jerusalem the king of Hebron the king of
Jerusalem the king of Hebron the king of John the king of lakish and the king of
John the king of lakish and the king of
John the king of lakish and the king of Eggland's gathered together and went up
Eggland's gathered together and went up
Eggland's gathered together and went up they and all their armies and can't
they and all their armies and can't
they and all their armies and can't before Gibeon and made war against it
before Gibeon and made war against it
before Gibeon and made war against it and the men of Gibeon sent to joshua at
and the men of Gibeon sent to joshua at
and the men of Gibeon sent to joshua at the camp at Gilgal do not forsake your
the camp at Gilgal do not forsake your
the camp at Gilgal do not forsake your servants come up to us quickly save us
servants come up to us quickly save us
servants come up to us quickly save us and help us for all the kings of the
and help us for all the kings of the
and help us for all the kings of the amorite who dwell in the mountains have
amorite who dwell in the mountains have
amorite who dwell in the mountains have gathered together against us so Joshua
gathered together against us so Joshua
gathered together against us so Joshua ascended from Gilgal he and all the
ascended from Gilgal he and all the
ascended from Gilgal he and all the people of war with him and all the
people of war with him and all the
people of war with him and all the mighty man of Valor
mighty man of Valor
mighty man of Valor and the Lord said to Joshua do not fear
and the Lord said to Joshua do not fear
and the Lord said to Joshua do not fear them for I have delivered them into your
them for I have delivered them into your
them for I have delivered them into your hand not a man of them shall stand
hand not a man of them shall stand
hand not a man of them shall stand before you
before you
before you Joshua therefore came upon them suddenly
Joshua therefore came upon them suddenly
Joshua therefore came upon them suddenly having marched all night from Gilgal so
having marched all night from Gilgal so
having marched all night from Gilgal so the Lord routed them before Israel
the Lord routed them before Israel
the Lord routed them before Israel killed them with a great slaughter at
killed them with a great slaughter at
killed them with a great slaughter at Gibeon chased them along the road that
Gibeon chased them along the road that
Gibeon chased them along the road that goes to beth Holden and struck them down
goes to beth Holden and struck them down
goes to beth Holden and struck them down as far as a Zika and Makeda and it
as far as a Zika and Makeda and it
as far as a Zika and Makeda and it happened as they fled before Israel and
happened as they fled before Israel and
happened as they fled before Israel and were on the descent
were on the descent
were on the descent but the Lord passed down large
but the Lord passed down large
but the Lord passed down large hailstones from heaven on them as far as
hailstones from heaven on them as far as
hailstones from heaven on them as far as a Zika and they've done there were more
a Zika and they've done there were more
a Zika and they've done there were more who died from the hailstones and the
who died from the hailstones and the
who died from the hailstones and the children of Israel killed with the sword
then Joshua spoke to the Lord in the day
then Joshua spoke to the Lord in the day when the Lord delivered up the Amorite
when the Lord delivered up the Amorite
when the Lord delivered up the Amorite before the children of Israel and he
before the children of Israel and he
before the children of Israel and he said in the sight of Israel son stands
said in the sight of Israel son stands
said in the sight of Israel son stands still over Gibeon and Moon in the valley
still over Gibeon and Moon in the valley
still over Gibeon and Moon in the valley of a July the Sun Stood Still and the
of a July the Sun Stood Still and the
of a July the Sun Stood Still and the moon stopped till the people had revenge
moon stopped till the people had revenge
moon stopped till the people had revenge upon their enemies
upon their enemies
upon their enemies is this not written in the book of
is this not written in the book of
is this not written in the book of Jasher so the Sun Stood Still in the
Jasher so the Sun Stood Still in the
Jasher so the Sun Stood Still in the midst of heaven and did not hasten to go
midst of heaven and did not hasten to go
midst of heaven and did not hasten to go down for about a whole day and there has
down for about a whole day and there has
down for about a whole day and there has been no day like that before it or after
been no day like that before it or after
been no day like that before it or after it that the Lord heeded the voice of a
it that the Lord heeded the voice of a
it that the Lord heeded the voice of a man for the Lord fought for Israel
man for the Lord fought for Israel
man for the Lord fought for Israel [Music]
[Music]
[Music] then Joshua returned and all Israel with
then Joshua returned and all Israel with
then Joshua returned and all Israel with him to the camp at Gilgal but these five
him to the camp at Gilgal but these five
him to the camp at Gilgal but these five kings had fled and hidden themselves in
kings had fled and hidden themselves in
kings had fled and hidden themselves in a cave at Makeda
a cave at Makeda
a cave at Makeda and it was told Joshua the five kings
and it was told Joshua the five kings
and it was told Joshua the five kings have been found hidden in the cave at
have been found hidden in the cave at
have been found hidden in the cave at Makita roll large stones against the
Makita roll large stones against the
Makita roll large stones against the mouth of the cave and set men by it to
mouth of the cave and set men by it to
mouth of the cave and set men by it to guard them and do not stay there
guard them and do not stay there
guard them and do not stay there yourselves but pursue your enemies and
yourselves but pursue your enemies and
yourselves but pursue your enemies and attack their rear guard do not allow
attack their rear guard do not allow
attack their rear guard do not allow them to enter their cities for the Lord
them to enter their cities for the Lord
them to enter their cities for the Lord your God has delivered them into your
your God has delivered them into your
your God has delivered them into your hand then it happened while Joshua and
hand then it happened while Joshua and
hand then it happened while Joshua and the children of Israel made an end of
the children of Israel made an end of
the children of Israel made an end of slaying them with a very great slaughter
slaying them with a very great slaughter
slaying them with a very great slaughter till they had finished that those who
till they had finished that those who
till they had finished that those who escaped entered fortified cities and all
escaped entered fortified cities and all
escaped entered fortified cities and all the people returned to the camp to
the people returned to the camp to
the people returned to the camp to Joshua at Makita in peace no one moved
Joshua at Makita in peace no one moved
Joshua at Makita in peace no one moved his tongue against any of the children
his tongue against any of the children
his tongue against any of the children of Israel then Joshua said open the
of Israel then Joshua said open the
of Israel then Joshua said open the mouth of the cave and bring out those
mouth of the cave and bring out those
mouth of the cave and bring out those five Kings to me from the cave and they
five Kings to me from the cave and they
five Kings to me from the cave and they did so and brought out those five kings
did so and brought out those five kings
did so and brought out those five kings to him from the cave the king of
to him from the cave the king of
to him from the cave the king of Jerusalem the king of Hebron the king of
Jerusalem the king of Hebron the king of
Jerusalem the king of Hebron the king of Jaffa 'the the king of lakish and the
Jaffa 'the the king of lakish and the
Jaffa 'the the king of lakish and the king of egg
king of egg
king of egg so it was when they brought out those
so it was when they brought out those
so it was when they brought out those Kings to Joshua that Joshua called for
Kings to Joshua that Joshua called for
Kings to Joshua that Joshua called for all the men of Israel and said to the
all the men of Israel and said to the
all the men of Israel and said to the captains of the man-of-war who went with
captains of the man-of-war who went with
captains of the man-of-war who went with him come near put your feet on the necks
him come near put your feet on the necks
him come near put your feet on the necks of these kings and they drew near and
of these kings and they drew near and
of these kings and they drew near and put their feet on their necks do not be
put their feet on their necks do not be
put their feet on their necks do not be afraid nor be dismayed be strong and of
afraid nor be dismayed be strong and of
afraid nor be dismayed be strong and of good courage for thus the Lord will do
good courage for thus the Lord will do
good courage for thus the Lord will do to all your enemies against whom you
to all your enemies against whom you
to all your enemies against whom you fight daftest Joshua struck them and
fight daftest Joshua struck them and
fight daftest Joshua struck them and killed them and hang them on five trees
killed them and hang them on five trees
killed them and hang them on five trees and they were hanging on the trees until
and they were hanging on the trees until
and they were hanging on the trees until evening
evening
evening so it was at the time of the going down
so it was at the time of the going down
so it was at the time of the going down of the Sun that Joshua commanded and
of the Sun that Joshua commanded and
of the Sun that Joshua commanded and they took them down from the trees cast
they took them down from the trees cast
they took them down from the trees cast them into the cave where they had been
them into the cave where they had been
them into the cave where they had been hidden and laid large stones against the
hidden and laid large stones against the
hidden and laid large stones against the caves month which remained until this
caves month which remained until this
caves month which remained until this very day on that day Joshua took Makita
very day on that day Joshua took Makita
very day on that day Joshua took Makita and struck it and it's king with the
and struck it and it's king with the
and struck it and it's king with the edge of the sword he utterly destroyed
edge of the sword he utterly destroyed
edge of the sword he utterly destroyed them all the people who were in it he
them all the people who were in it he
them all the people who were in it he let none remain he also did to the king
let none remain he also did to the king
let none remain he also did to the king of makita as he had done to the king of
of makita as he had done to the king of
of makita as he had done to the king of Jericho then Joshua passed from Makita
Jericho then Joshua passed from Makita
Jericho then Joshua passed from Makita and all Israel with him to Libman and
and all Israel with him to Libman and
and all Israel with him to Libman and they fought against Libman and the Lord
they fought against Libman and the Lord
they fought against Libman and the Lord also delivered it and its King into the
also delivered it and its King into the
also delivered it and its King into the hand of Israel he struck it and all the
hand of Israel he struck it and all the
hand of Israel he struck it and all the people who were in it with the edge of
people who were in it with the edge of
people who were in it with the edge of the sword he let none remain in it but
the sword he let none remain in it but
the sword he let none remain in it but did to its king as he had done to the
did to its king as he had done to the
did to its king as he had done to the king of Jericho then Joshua passed from
king of Jericho then Joshua passed from
king of Jericho then Joshua passed from Libman and all Israel with him to lakish
Libman and all Israel with him to lakish
Libman and all Israel with him to lakish and they encamped against it and fought
and they encamped against it and fought
and they encamped against it and fought against it and the Lord delivered lakish
against it and the Lord delivered lakish
against it and the Lord delivered lakish into the hand of Israel who took it on
into the hand of Israel who took it on
into the hand of Israel who took it on the second day and struck it and all the
the second day and struck it and all the
the second day and struck it and all the people who were in it with the edge of
people who were in it with the edge of
people who were in it with the edge of the sword according to all that he had
the sword according to all that he had
the sword according to all that he had done to Lebanon then horan king of Giza
done to Lebanon then horan king of Giza
done to Lebanon then horan king of Giza came up to help lakish and Joshua struck
came up to help lakish and Joshua struck
came up to help lakish and Joshua struck him and his people until he left him
him and his people until he left him
him and his people until he left him none remain
none remain
none remain from lakish Joshua passed to Eglin and
from lakish Joshua passed to Eglin and
from lakish Joshua passed to Eglin and all Israel with him and they encamped
all Israel with him and they encamped
all Israel with him and they encamped against it and fought against it they
against it and fought against it they
against it and fought against it they took it on that day and struck it with
took it on that day and struck it with
took it on that day and struck it with the edge of the soul all the people who
the edge of the soul all the people who
the edge of the soul all the people who were in it he utterly destroyed that day
were in it he utterly destroyed that day
were in it he utterly destroyed that day according to all that he had done to
according to all that he had done to
according to all that he had done to lakish so Joshua went up from Edlin and
lakish so Joshua went up from Edlin and
lakish so Joshua went up from Edlin and all Israel with him to Hebron and they
all Israel with him to Hebron and they
all Israel with him to Hebron and they fought against it and they took it and
fought against it and they took it and
fought against it and they took it and struck it with the edge of the sword
struck it with the edge of the sword
struck it with the edge of the sword it's king all its cities and all the
it's king all its cities and all the
it's king all its cities and all the people who are in it he left none
people who are in it he left none
people who are in it he left none remaining according to all that he had
remaining according to all that he had
remaining according to all that he had done to Eglin but utterly destroyed it
done to Eglin but utterly destroyed it
done to Eglin but utterly destroyed it and all the people who were in it
and all the people who were in it
and all the people who were in it and Joshua returned and all Israel with
and Joshua returned and all Israel with
and Joshua returned and all Israel with him to deburr and they fought against it
him to deburr and they fought against it
him to deburr and they fought against it and he took it and it's King and all its
and he took it and it's King and all its
and he took it and it's King and all its cities they struck them with the edge of
cities they struck them with the edge of
cities they struck them with the edge of the sword and utterly destroyed all the
the sword and utterly destroyed all the
the sword and utterly destroyed all the people who are in it he left none remain
people who are in it he left none remain
people who are in it he left none remain as he had done to Hebron so he did to
as he had done to Hebron so he did to
as he had done to Hebron so he did to deburr and its King as he had done also
deburr and its King as he had done also
deburr and its King as he had done also to Lebanon and it's king so Joshua
to Lebanon and it's king so Joshua
to Lebanon and it's king so Joshua conquered all the land the mountain
conquered all the land the mountain
conquered all the land the mountain country and the south and the lowland
country and the south and the lowland
country and the south and the lowland and the wilderness slopes and all their
and the wilderness slopes and all their
and the wilderness slopes and all their kings he left none remaining but utterly
kings he left none remaining but utterly
kings he left none remaining but utterly destroyed all that breathed as the Lord
destroyed all that breathed as the Lord
destroyed all that breathed as the Lord God of Israel had commanded and Joshua
God of Israel had commanded and Joshua
God of Israel had commanded and Joshua conquered them from Kadesh Barnea
conquered them from Kadesh Barnea
conquered them from Kadesh Barnea as far as Gaza and all the country of
as far as Gaza and all the country of
as far as Gaza and all the country of Goshen even as far as Gideon
Goshen even as far as Gideon
Goshen even as far as Gideon all these kings and their land Joshua
all these kings and their land Joshua
all these kings and their land Joshua took at one time because the Lord God of
took at one time because the Lord God of
took at one time because the Lord God of Israel fought for Israel then Joshua
Israel fought for Israel then Joshua
Israel fought for Israel then Joshua returned and all Israel with him to the
returned and all Israel with him to the
returned and all Israel with him to the camp at Gilgal
camp at Gilgal
camp at Gilgal [Music]